Teacher, how much money do you have?
Money is not a problem
So I'm going to ask you if you can do that.
Teacher, since the money problem has been solved
That leaves the negotiation
No, it's going to take a while
Then I'll leave this matter to you.
Play more every month
I have no children.
Go away, didn't you hear?
Where do they get the food spirit?
Don't think about it, it must be the food of the sky
He's so damn rich!
What about our plan?
Wouldn't that fail?
What failed?
After today
Let the brothers eat porridge
Eat up Wu Tian's food sooner or later
Commander, this is a good idea
Zhang Shuai must praise you
Otherwise, how could I be the leader?
Let Wu Tian help me raise a team
Wake up laughing at night
Boss, you said that since we have no shortage of food
Why add sand to the porridge?
Xiao He
This
People are evil.
If you don't put sand in your hands
Those real disasters
But never eat food
Well, I seem to understand a little bit.
Got it, why are you still standing?
stand at attention
Turn back
run walk
It's not dark yet.
Miss me so soon
Don't mess around
It's a letter from my cousin
Say my uncle
The family is coming to Qingshan Town to stay for a while
Let my mom come then